Added more details in the Clearance section of Users App user manual. (#1336)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/system-admin/administration/users/manage-user.md

## Update User’s Role and Permissions

### Clearance

> The Clearance section allows retailers to manage employee roles and permissions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage employee roles and permissions.  
```

> **The key functions available in this section include**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Add Security Group**: Retailers can assign or update an employee's permissions by associating them with one or more security groups. If the retailer wants to remove a security group, they can click on the `More` option next to the group's name and choose Remove.

Reviewer: remove is a separate action

Author: The change has been implemented.

> - **Add Product Store**: Employees can be assigned to one or more product stores, based on business needs. If the retailer wants to remove a product store, they can click on the `More` option next to the product store's name and choose Remove.

Reviewer: Make remove product store a different point

Author: The change has been implemented.

> - **View Product Store**: After assigning an employee to a product store, retailers can view the product store-related details by using the View Product Store option. This redirects them to the product store’s details page in the **Company App**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **View Product Store**: View all product store-related details by opening the product store’s details page in the **Company App**.
```

> - **View History**: The **Job Manager App** keeps a record of changes made to a employee permissions. Retailers can see when security groups were added or removed and how long the employee stayed in each group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **View History**: View a record of changes made to an employee permissions. Retailers can see when security groups were added or removed and how long the employee stayed in each group.
```

> These settings allows to control employee access and track permission changes from a single location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
